Add update instructions and fixup source header (#37)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/getting_started/installation.md

If TMAP8 is working correctly, all active tests will pass. This indicates that
TMAP8 is ready to be used and further developed.

## Update TMAP8

TMAP8 (and the underlying MOOSE Framework) is under heavy development and is updated on a continuous
basis. Therefore, it is important that the local copy of TMAP8 be periodically updated to obtain new

> capability, improvements, and bugfixes. Weekly updates are recommended as, at minimum, the MOOSE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capabilities, improvements, and bugfixes. Weekly updates are recommended as, at minimum, the MOOSE
```

submodule within TMAP8 is updated up to several times a week.

If the MOOSE conda environment is being used, you should update both the environment +and+ your copy
of TMAP8 together. To check for a conda environment update, perform the following commands.

```bash
mamba activate moose
mamba update --all
```

> We assume here that your MOOSE-based development environment is named `moose`. To update your TMAP8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This assumes that your MOOSE-based development environment is named `moose`. To update your TMAP8
```

repository, use the following commands.

```bash
cd ~/projects/TMAP8
git fetch upstream
git rebase upstream/main
```

This assumes that your copy of TMAP8 is stored in `~/projects` and that the [idaholab/TMAP8](https://github.com/idaholab/TMAP8)
git remote is labeled `upstream`. Use `git remote -v` in the TMAP8 repository location to check for
this and change the commands as necessary. Finally, TMAP8 can be re-compiled and re-tested.

> 

Reviewer: To make the commands available:

```suggestion

```bash
make -j8
./run_tests -j8
```

```

Author: Fixed it - thanks!
